## Assignment Part-1

Q1. Why do we call Python as a general purpose and high-level programming language?

A1.Python is called general purpose and high level programming langauge because 
    1-its easy to code and understand.
    2-low level languages are more closer to machine codes(0,1,binary codes) while high level languages are more closer to general human communication language[English in this case].
    3-Codes are easily readable to others so its a general purpose language
    4-It is portable means it can run on any system including Windows,Mac,Linux.
    5-Supports Development in Aritifical Intelligence.
    6-Codes Written in General English are converted to Machine Language[Binary Codes] 
      using Interpretter and Complier hence no need of processor.
    7-Because of the above stated reason Python is a general and High Level Language.

Q2. Why is Python called a dynamically typed language?
A2. Python is called Dynamically typed langauage because we dont have to define type of variable while assigning any variable.
it takes care of the type of variable.
example:
in other langauges when have to define type as 
var a=10:
var b=20 
but in python we can simply define variables as 
a=10
b=20 etc

Q3. List some pros and cons of Python programming language?
A3.Pros
1-Easy to understand and code
2-Dynamic type language
3-it have many libraries like pandas which can be used in data analysis
4-its higly scalable/Instagram,facebook and pinterest are use the power of python
5-Extensively used in Artificial Intelligence,Machine Learning,future technologies like Internet of things[IOT] etc
6-its portable means it can run on any system[WORA-Write Once and Run Anywhere]
Cons 
1-it is slow compared to other non-complied langauges and requires lot of computational power
2-comes with high memory usages and high memory consumption
3-its uses reference counting and garbage collection
4-Multithreading in python

Q4. In what all domains can we use Python?
A4.Domains where Python can be used:
1-Data analysis and Data Science
Data Collection and Cleaning 
Data Exploration
Data Modelling 
Data Visualization 
2-Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence 
3-Deep Learning Frameworks like Caffe,Tensorflow,PyTorch,Keras
2-Automations 
3-Web Scraping
Scrapy and Beautiful Soup 
4-Distributed Processing 
PySpark
Dask 
5-Finance
Fraud Detection
risk analytics
credit scoring 
6-Big Data 
7-Data Engineering 
8-Job Scheduling with Airflow 
9-Natural Language Processing 

